You can drag and drop images directly onto the Video Window.
You can change the format of the uploaded image by changing the extension.  Supported types are bmp, jpg, png, ico, tif, tga, pcx, wmf, emf.
You can enable and disable FTP uploading by right clicking on the icon in the system tray.
You can convert an image into a watermark by adjusting it's Translucency value.
You can inset your desktop capture by choosing to save it to disk, inseting that file in the image, and choose 'Refresh image on publishing'.
When the combo box is highlighted on the Image Properties page, You can use the up and down cursor keys to scroll through images in the same directory.
You can save your overlays to a file and load them again later. Click on file->Save Overlay.
The HTML publisher can save you from having to code HTML pages.  It will generate HTML pages automatically and upload them to your site.
You can right click an overlay element to edit it's properties.
You can save screen shot's to disk.  Click Screen Shot Settings on the Uploading Settings page.
You can make text translucent by selecting the background properties and adjusting the translucency value.
You can make jpegs transparent by setting the transparency flag, then adjust the negative and positive key values until the transparent color disappears.
You can make image uploads faster by not saving them to disk.
You can let the application run from the system tray by simply minimizing it.
You can set Video Publisher to start each time Windows starts.  See the General page in the Settings dialog box.
WheresJames Video Publisher automatically reconnects video drivers and sets uploading status on startup.
You can make your own schemes and have the HTML Publisher upload them.  See the help file for more details.
WheresJames supports passive and non-passive FTP.  If you are behind a firewall, you should use passive FTP.
Multiple backgrounds are provided for your HTML pages.  Use the HTML publisher to publish them automatically.





